# Requirement docs
## Product Features
### Essay submission and feedback
- Students can submit their essay and its prompt to get feedback from the AI model, they can also view a few example
prompts. The model will return a point grading and feedback on how to improve the essay.
- Submission form: the form should allow submitting both the essay and the prompt. In case of submitting to
an example prompt, the prompt should be automatically filled. The submission form should work on
desktop, tablet and mobile devices, and should support both small and large font sizes.
- Error messages: common errors should be reported to the user in clear and intuitive messages: connection
errors, invalid submission data, submission quota exceeded, system overloaded
- More info: there should be links to the example prompts from the submission page. On the result section,
there should be a link to view the submission history of that user.
### Grading results
The automatic grading result should include scores on multiple metrics, including task achievement, coherence and
cohesion, vocabulary, and grammar. It should also include general feedback and detailed suggestions to improve the
essay.
- Save & delete: the essay, prompt, and grading results should be saved automatically. Accessing the same
URL should give the same previous information. There should be a button to delete this information
  - For anonymous users, the submission information may be deleted after a certain duration, and the
delete button should be available to all users.
  - For registered users, the submission information should be kept indefinitely, the delete button
should only be available for that user and admins.
- Request manual review: only available for paid users, they can request review from a teacher on the result
page. They can select any teacher or a previously interacted teacher.
### Submission history
Students can view their previous essays and grading metrics in the form of a table
- Columns: the list of previous submissions should include detailed scores of all the grading metrics, the
overall score, and the date of submission. The user should also be able to assign labels the each submissions
and view those labels
- Sort and filter: it should be possible to sort and filter the essays by each grade metrics, labels, and prompt.
It should also be possible to set a secondary sort column.
- Actions: users should be able to select multiple or all submissions and perform these actions on them:
delete, assign label, view score chart.
### Score chart
Students can have a chart of the detailed score of their submissions generated by pressing a button on their
submission history page
- The data points should be sorted by the previous sort condition on the history page
Confidential ©Group 16 – 5.0 Overall, 2024 Page 8
- It should be possible to show or hide the score of any individual metrics, or the overall score on the chart
### Manual review
Teachers can view students’ essays and edit their feedback. This edit will be used to improve the AI model
- Manage submissions to review: when assigned to review a submission, teachers will receive an email
notification with a link to the list of submission to review. Here the teacher can view the student name, the
prompt, and can open the submission to give their feedback. The teacher can change the filter to view their
already-graded submissions.
- Submission page: the teacher will be able to view all the information about the submission. They can add
their own grading metrics, general feedback, and improvements to replace the automatic grading, but they
can’t edit the prompt, submission, or delete it. The automatic grading will be saved to improve the AI
model later.
## Non-Functional Requirements
- Students' essays and personal data should be kept secure: data should be encoded when transferred, and
databases should be protected from outside hacking attacks.
- The system should be able to handle at least 50 feedback requests at the same time. If there are more
request than this number, the remaining requests should be queued to be processed later
- The system should be responsive 24/7. If a request isn’t queued due to system overload, it should be
completed within 10 minutes
